Hello everyone, my name is xxx. Today, I'd like to tell you a little about myself.
<!-- ----------------- -->

I was born in Heilongjiang, located in the far northeast of China. 
It's known as China's coldest place, with an average annual temperature of just 4-5°C (Degree Celsius) and winter temperatures dropping below -30°C. 
I lived there until I graduated from high school.
<!-- ----------------- -->

Then I was admitted to Huazhong Agricultural University — one of the "211 Project" universities. It's not a top shcool, but it's not so bad one.
It's located in Wuhan, Hubei - one of China's famously hotest cities. You can imagine how i was supprised when I arrived at Wuhan from the coldest place of China.
<!-- ----------------- -->

Fortunately, over time, I gradually adapted and grew to love this city. I readly enjoyed the foods, sceneris and cultures in Wuhan.
After four years of school life, I began my journey as a programmer.
<!-- ----------------- -->

In my senior year, I interned at Citigroup Software. 
After about a year there, I moved to SAP—a global leader ERP software company — where I worked for six years. 
Later, I moved to Blackboard, an American learning system software provider. 
After two years at Blackboard, I joined my current company, eBay, where I've now been happily employed for six years.
So far, I'm very satisfied with my career.
<!-- ----------------- -->

So that's all about me, a passionate software engineer. I feel so lucky to do work what I love.

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1x4Hx8nIPOsizub6v-PYmnKrxHXQJoniHEfN6tJxQoCA/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p)